Israel says its fighter jets have struck
several houthi military Targets in Yemen
in retaliation for a drone attack on Tel
Aviv on Friday the strikes took place in
Yemen's Red Sea port city of Hoda
according to yemeni television
controlled by houi rebels several people
were killed and the Jets targeted
civilian oil and Diesel storage
facilities the strikes come after a
drone attack by Yemen's houi Rebels uh
on Friday as mentioned which killed one
person and injured four or
others Let's cross over to our
correspondent Tanya krer in Jerusalem
Tanya what more do we
know well as you just said we had the
confirmation uh by the Israeli military
the uh IDF uh saying that they struck
the Huda port in Yemen an IDF official
uh told us said they struck uh
infrastructure belonging to the houthis
they described them as military
infrastructure uh infrastructure of dual
use and energy uh uh infrastructure it
was according to the military an a
mission led by the Israeli Air Force and
they went there alone uh very far away
uh from Israel uh carried out also in a
broad daylight now Israel's allies uh we
were told are were informed ahead and
this is also uh kind of unusual because
houthis uh have been attacking uh you
know shipping in the Red Sea before and
that's usually a UK US Le Mission there
but there also have been in the past
month attacks on Israel's southern city
uh a lot with drones over 220
projectiles have been fired in the past
month since the beginning of the war at
Israel now these strikes were approved
by a security cabinet that was kind of
unusual that it met today on Saturday a
Shabbat uh during Shabbat but for Israel
this is a change of equation what
happened on Friday basically this drone
attack uh in the city center of Tel Aviv
also an Israeli citizen was killed a man
in his 50s uh and several were injured
and so we've been hearing now the time
from officials here that the time for
restraint is over how dangerous are
these moves from both sides are we
seeing an
escalation well I think we don't know
yet how this will uh develop uh further
there certainly a lot of concern and
there have been warnings that this could
uh you know lead to more responses again
now from the houthis or across the
region now it risk to open another
active front and as I said there have
been attacks on the southern city of aot
but not uh as we've seen on Friday uh on
Tel Aviv so far the military has said
the home front guidelines for uh
Israelis here in the country have not
changed but of course also that that
could change any minute Tanya Kramer in
Jerusalem thank you